h2. gae superfeedr shell

harper@nata2.org
"http://nata2.org":http://nata2.org
"@harper":http://twitter.com/harper

------------

h3. Background   

After building a couple app engine apps that used superfeedr, i noticed a particular app that i was using over and over again. I was able to use this app to pop up superfeedr powered sites in a quick moment. It was awesome. REAL TIME OH YEA!! 

h3. Information 

You can view a live version at: "http://gae-superfeedr-shell.appspot.com/":http://gae-superfeedr-shell.appspot.com/

This application is a shell application that will subscribe to RSS feed updates through SuperFeedr.com's pubsubhubbub endpoint. It will then receive updates in a real time fashion and store the updates. It should "just run." It is powered by Google App Engine and the app engine django patch for App Engine.

You can download and view the source code at this projects github page: "http://github.com/harperreed/gae-superfeedr-shell":http://github.com/harperreed/gae-superfeedr-shell. Let me know if you have any questions.

This shell currently powers "excla.im track":http://excla.im, "Nepholologist":http://Nepholologist.com, "harper's friends":http://harpersfriends.com and a couple neat hacks that will be released soon. If you use it - email me and I will add you to the list. 

h3. About

I am "Harper Reed":http://harpereed.org. I blog at "nata2.org":"http://nata2.org". You can email me at harper@nata2.org. I am "@harper":http://twitter.com/harper on twitter.

I built this for fun.
